1 Enoch 22:2 And there were †four† hollow places in it, deep and very smooth: †three† of them were dark and one bright; and there was a fountain of water in its midst. And I said: '†How† smooth are these hollow places, and deep and dark to view.'
1 Enoch 22:5 I saw (the spirit of) a dead man making suit, and his voice went forth to heaven and made suit.
1 Enoch 22:6 And I asked Raphael the angel who was with me, and I said unto him: 'This spirit which maketh suit, whose is it, whose voice goeth forth and maketh suit to heaven?'
1 Enoch 22:8 Then I asked regarding all the hollow places: 'Why is one separated from the other?'
1 Enoch 22:9 And he answered me saying: 'These three have been made that the spirits of the dead might be separated. And this division has been made for the spirits of the righteous, in which there is the bright spring of water.
1 Enoch 22:10 And this has been made for sinners when they die and are buried in the earth and judgement has not been executed upon them in their lifetime.
1 Enoch 22:11 Here their spirits shall be set apart in this great pain, till the great day of judgement, scourgings, and torments of the accursed for ever, so that (there may be) retribution for their spirits. There He shall bind them for ever.
1 Enoch 22:12 And this division has been made for the spirits of those who make their suit, who make disclosures concerning their destruction, when they were slain in the days of the sinners.
1 Enoch 22:13 And this has been made for the spirits of men who shall not be righteous but sinners, who are godless, and of the lawless they shall be companions: but their spirits shall not be punished in the day of judgement nor shall they be raised from thence.
1 Enoch 22:14 Then I blessed the Lord of Glory and said: 'Blessed art Thou, Lord of righteousness, who rulest over the world.'

1 Enoch 27:2 Here shall they be gathered together, and here shall be the place of their habitation.
1 Enoch 27:3 In the last times, in the days of the true judgement in the presence of the righteous for ever: here shall the godly bless the Lord of Glory, the Eternal King.

1 Enoch 32:1 To the north-east I beheld seven mountains full of choice nard and mastic and cinnamon and pepper.
1 Enoch 32:3 And I came to the Garden of Righteousness, and from afar off trees more numerous than these trees and great--†two† trees there, very great, beautiful, and glorious, and magnificent, and the tree of knowledge, whose holy fruit they eat and know great wisdom.
